Further specify inclusive/exclusive datetime values for BillingPeriod{Start,End} and ChargePeriod{Start,End} (#398)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/glossary.md

Cost inclusive of the impacts of all reduced rates and discounts, augmented with the amortization of relevant purchases (one-time or recurring) paid to cover future eligible charges.

> <a name="glossary:exclusivebound"><b>Exclusive Bound</b></a>
> 
> A Date/Time Format value that is not contained within the ending bound of a time period.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a name="glossary:exclusivebound"><b>Exclusive Date/Time Value</b></a>

A date/time value that is exclusive can be used to represent the end of a period where the period ends immediately before the specified date/time. An exclusive date/time is in contrast to an [inclusive date/time](#glossary:inclusivebound), which is commonly used to signify the start of a period.

```
Suggestion. Ignore if it doesn't improve. If accepted, the links to this glossary will need to be updated.

An open-source specification that defines requirements for billing data.

> <a name="glossary:inclusivebound"><b>Inclusive Bound</b></a>
> 
> A Date/Time Format value that is contained within the beginning bound of a time period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a name="glossary:inclusivebound"><b>Inclusive Date/Time Value</b></a>

A date/time value that is inclusive can be used to represent the start of a period where the period starts at the specified date/time. An inclusive date/time is in contrast to an [exclusive date/time](#glossary:exclusivebound) which is commonly used to signify the end of a period.
```
